<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">	<head>		<meta charset="utf-8" />		<title>Readme_FlipNMatch</title>	</head>	<body id="Readme_FlipNMatch" lang="en-US">		<div id="_idContainer000" class="Basic-Text-Frame">			# Flip and Match Game			This game was built as a Udacity Front End Dev. course project. The purpose of the project is to demonstrate use of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript as learned in class. I studied an additional Udacity Object-Oriented Javascript, and also a React course for more information and understanding about how best to code this project.			<p class="h4">Game sequence:			<ul>				*Player can choose between 3 deck levels with 12, 16 and 24 hards each.				*A timer displays play time and total minutes taken to complete matches.				*There is an initial 3 star rating which drops as more time and moves are taken.			</ul>			<p class="h4">On each turn:			<ul>				*The player flips one card over to reveal its underlying symbol				*Then turns over a second card, trying to find a matching card.				*If a match, both cards stay flipped.				*If the cards do not match, cards are flipped back to hide symbol.			</ul>			**The game ends once all cards have been matched.**			<ul>				**A pop-up appears with the elapsed time, final star rating and a restart button.**			</ul>			#### Resources used to research and/or create the game:			Note: I looked at a lot of different approaches to code this game...thanks to all for inspiration and education:			<ul>				*Udacity Forums, Udacity Git Hubs, MDN, CSS Tricks, Scotch, Kahn Academy.				*My Udacity Mentor, Mofid, and Reviewer. Python Tutor, and other websites.				*Card Flip CSS: https://3dtransforms.desandro.com/card-flip				*Game Icons: @gameicons (Creative commons) 				*Game Icons authors: Lorc,&#160;Delapouite&#160;&amp;&#160;contributors				*Adobe Illustrator, PhotoShop, Dreamweaver				*Atom, Git Hub.				*Bootstrap-4.0.0.css, Bootstrap-4.0.0.js,jQuery-3.2.1min.js,&#160;Popper.min.js			</ul>		</div>	</body></html>